README.md, before:



```markdown
# Blind 75 LeetCode Solutions in Python

A comprehensive collection of Python solutions to the Blind 75 LeetCode problems with detailed explanations, visualizations, and complexity analysis.

## 📊 Progress Tracker

![Progress](https://img.shields.io/badge/Solved-3%2F75-blue)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3.8+-green)

| Category | Solved | Total |
|----------|--------|-------|
| Array | 3 | 10 |
| Binary | 0 | 5 |
| Dynamic Programming | 0 | 11 |
| Graph | 0 | 8 |
| ... | ... | ... |

## 🗂️ Problem Categories

### Array (3/10)
- ✅ [Two Sum](./problems/array/two_sum) - Easy
- ✅ [Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock](./problems/array/best_time_to_buy_sell_stock) - Easy
- ✅ [Contains Duplicate](./problems/array/contains_duplicate) - Easy
- ⬜ Product of Array Except Self - Medium
- ⬜ Maximum Subarray - Medium
- [Continue with all array problems...]

### Binary (0/5)
[List all binary problems...]

[Continue for all categories...]

## 🎯 How to Use This Repository

1. **Study Mode**: Read the README in each problem folder for detailed explanations
2. **Practice Mode**: Try solving without looking at the solution
3. **Review Mode**: Compare your solution with the provided one

## 🛠️ Setup

```bash
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/blind75-python-solutions.git
cd blind75-python-solutions
pip install -r requirements.txt  # if you add testing dependencies

Commit message:

Enhance README with problem categories and examples
Updated README with additional problem categories and solutions.

README.md, after:

# Blind 75 LeetCode Solutions in Python

A comprehensive collection of Python solutions to the Blind 75 LeetCode problems with detailed explanations, visualizations, and complexity analysis.

## 📊 Progress Tracker

![Progress](https://img.shields.io/badge/Solved-3%2F75-blue)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3.8+-green)
![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow)

| Category | Solved | Total |
|----------|--------|-------|
| Array | 3 | 10 |
| Binary | 0 | 5 |
| Dynamic Programming | 0 | 11 |
| Graph | 0 | 8 |
| Interval | 0 | 5 |
| Linked List | 0 | 6 |
| Matrix | 0 | 4 |
| String | 0 | 10 |
| Tree | 0 | 14 |
| Heap | 0 | 3 |

## 🗂️ Problem Categories

### Array (3/10)

#### ✅ [Two Sum](./problems/array/two_sum) - Easy
**Problem**: Given an array of integers `nums` and an integer `target`, return indices of the two numbers that add up to target.

**Key Concept**: Hash Map Lookup Pattern
- Use a dictionary to store numbers as you iterate
- For each number, check if its complement (target - num) exists
- **Time**: O(n) | **Space**: O(n)

**Solution Approach**:
```python
def twoSum(nums, target):
    seen = {}
    for i, num in enumerate(nums):
        complement = target - num
        if complement in seen:
            return [seen[complement], i]
        seen[num] = i
    return []
